updated instructions for managing small teams (#9582)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/engineering/posthog-com/small-teams.mdx

```
## Previous goals

<details>
<summary>Q3 2024 goals</summary>

### Goal 1

- Details
- More details

### Goal 2

- Details
- More details

</details>
```

See the Website & Docs team's [small team page](/teams/website-docs) as an example of how it will look.

--- 

## Team management

### Creating a new small team

#### Initial setup in Strapi

> This config needs to be done in our CMS. Ask the Website & Docs team for help here.

1. Create Team record
2. Add the [placeholder crest](https://www.figma.com/design/QCYxjm4wVVVvs6UA27xRmz/Website-art?node-id=2043-2&t=aO62tCO12PoIZMt9-1) with the new team's name on it

#### Setup in the repo

1. Create a directory for the team in `/contents/teams/{team-name}` and duplicate `index.mdx` and `objectives.mdx` from another team as a starting point
2. Add the team's name to `src/navs/index.js` under the `companyMenu` section in alphabetical order under the _Engineering_ or _Not engineering_ heading
3. Rebuild the site (after the Strapi configuration) to see the new page

#### Add content to the small team's page

Visit the new small team page to:

1. Add team members

> 1. Assign the team lead (click the crown icon)
> 1. Add a mission
> 1. Ask the Website & Docs team to create a team in Strapi and upload a team photo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Assign the team lead (click the crown icon)
3. Add a mission
4. Ask the Website & Docs team to create a team in Strapi and upload a team photo
```

Author: Why though? These get incremented automatically in Markdown!

<img width="695" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/027f5c88-3f48-498c-b894-b144e22ae944">

Reviewer: Ahh TIL

Author: Framing this, because it will never happen again! 😛
